what's out what it'd be like hi hi vis
the real reason man I switch it up again
and again you know leg out two bitches
with me to two bitches won't fuck me huh
if I take one home with me the other one
gonna say fuck me got my swag on puppy
what her ass on Buffy my mother seven
because she just got lucky Donatello pet
looking like blueberry muffins roll on
my put them in the oven I want blueberry
muffin my niggas in the kitchen whipping
chickens not know something than fucking
fiction ass niggas you can stop you're
bluffing huh pop one popped oh I'm two
people stop that was part of time in the
club like it's recess i like my black
bitches in twos reese's you put the ass
wish you could see me Steve you never on
my level cuz you never could defeat me
internet and Snickers were sacred the
late game highway gang yo you gotta pee
mirror I slow and win but I'm never ever
sleeping no I'm never
no I'm never
hey no no I'm
I never sleep
Miami sleep
no I'm never ever sleep instead of
trying to pick which bad bitches better
I play together one and send out for
like a letter by no doubt about it I'm
the man that's mega got a bad bitch that
like to stay home Tesla bad never clean
I'm a motherfucking genius bitch got a
mouth full of it from my pain assessor
hose kind of like Serena and Venus a
shirt being genious for such good
cleaning it seemed so realistic haha
miss water hi I be killin it sorry
goodbye better than anybody that dep you
spilling it now hi they be living in
this Lobby is the business you fuckin
niggas could get it where i fucked your
bitch and that's just on the low-low had
that bitch happen on my stick poco you
couldn't even see me where the replay in
slow-mo I am the winners best water and
cocoa no
no no I'm not
no no one
I was sleeping
oh no one ever
oh no I'm not bad
no I'm never ever sleep